[t]Math
Math. You know like 1+1. 1 question
Math. The only pure field of study in our society.  Archimedes, Gauss, Euler, Erdos. These fathers of mathematics produced the foundation to our understanding of the universe. Truly a topic worthy of such a prestigious quiz app. 1 question
Determine the best strategy for each player in the following two-player game. There are three piles, each of which contains some number of coins. Players alternate turns, each turn consisting of removing any (non-zero) number of coins from a single pile. The goal is to be the person to remove the last coin(s).
If the starting numbers of coins are random, then the player who goes first will most likely win.
Winning positions are the ones that have an even number of 1’s in each column, when written in base 2.
Regardless of how many starting number of coins there are, the player who goes first will win
What the ...........
1
[t]Physics
Physics, so cool. 1 question.
With every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Newton stood on the 'shoulders of giants' to produce illuminating work that contributed to our ability to comprehend where we are in the universe.  Our pale blue dot is simply a speck in the ocean of galaxies.  Physics allowed us to look out and see what is beyond our atmosphere.  Physics is a field that earns its place in time and on our universally successful quiz app. 1 question
A photon collides with a stationary electron. If the photon scatters at an angle θ, show that the resulting wavelength, λ' is given in terms of the original wavelength, λ, by λ'= λ + (h/mc)(1-cos θ), where m is the mass of the electron. Note: The energy of a photon is E = hν = hc/λ.
λ' = λ + h/mc(1 - cos θ)
If θ ≈ 0 (that is, not much scattering), then λ'!= λ, as expected.
therefore, the photon bounces back with an essentially fixed E, independent of the initial E
Seriously...?
3
[t]Marvel Super Heroes
Marvel, not DC. 1 question
Founded in 1939. Responsible for Spiderman. 1 question
Which Marvel Comic run is the best?
Ultimate Spiderman
Hawkeye
Inhumans
all of the above
4
